com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SquareHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SquareHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CorrespondingAnglesHw3Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CorrespondingAnglesHw3Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/AlternateAnglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AlternateAnglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AlternateAnglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/QuestionManager.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.QuestionManager
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CorrespondingAnglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CorrespondingAnglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CorrespondingAnglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CorrespondingAnglesHw1Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CorrespondingAnglesHw1Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/TangentFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.TangentFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.TangentFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/TriangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.TriangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SegmentCircleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SegmentCircleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SegmentCircleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ParallelLinesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ParallelLinesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ModulusLineHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ModulusLineHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/TangentHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.TangentHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SecantFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SecantFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SecantFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/TriangleExercisesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.TriangleExercisesFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/AcuteAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AcuteAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AcuteAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CongruentTrianglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CongruentTrianglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CongruentTrianglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/RectangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RectangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RectangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/IntroFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.IntroFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/LineSegmentFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LineSegmentFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LineSegmentFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/PerpendicularLinesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.PerpendicularLinesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.PerpendicularLinesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ArcFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ArcFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ArcFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/LinesAnglesQuestionsFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LinesAnglesQuestionsFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SimilarTrianglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SimilarTrianglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SimilarTrianglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SectorFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SectorFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SectorFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CyclicQuadrilateralFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CyclicQuadrilateralFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CyclicQuadrilateralFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SupplementaryAnglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SupplementaryAnglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SupplementaryAnglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ParallelagramHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ParallelagramHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/TriangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.TriangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.TriangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/FingerPath.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.FingerPath
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/EquilateralTriangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.EquilateralTriangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/RadiusFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RadiusFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RadiusFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SectorHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SectorHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/RightAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RightAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RightAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/AngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/MainActivity.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.MainActivity
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SimilarTrianglesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SimilarTrianglesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/IsoscelesTriangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.IsoscelesTriangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ChordFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ChordFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ChordFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CyclicQuadrilateralHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CyclicQuadrilateralHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/DiameterFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.DiameterFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.DiameterFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/RectangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RectangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/RightAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RightAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ParallelLinesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ParallelLinesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ParallelLinesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SegmentCircleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SegmentCircleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/PaintView.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.PaintView
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CongruentTrianglesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CongruentTrianglesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/QuadrilateralFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.QuadrilateralFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.QuadrilateralFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/StraightAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.StraightAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.StraightAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ChordHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ChordHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SquareFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SquareFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SquareFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/PerpendicularLinesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.PerpendicularLinesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CircleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CircleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CircleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/LineSegmentHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LineSegmentHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ModulusAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ModulusAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ModulusAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ParallelagramFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ParallelagramFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ParallelagramFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CorrespondingAnglesHw4Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CorrespondingAnglesHw4Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/IsoscelesTriangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.IsoscelesTriangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.IsoscelesTriangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/AcuteAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AcuteAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ObtuseAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ObtuseAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ObtuseAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ReflexAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ReflexAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ArcHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ArcHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ScaleneTriangleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ScaleneTriangleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CorrespondingAnglesHw2Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CorrespondingAnglesHw2Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/StraightAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.StraightAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ObtuseAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ObtuseAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/LineTwoFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LineTwoFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LineTwoFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SupplementaryAnglesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SupplementaryAnglesHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/QuadrilateralExercisesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.QuadrilateralExercisesFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ScaleneTriangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ScaleneTriangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ScaleneTriangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ReflexAngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ReflexAngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ReflexAngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/BuildConfig.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.BuildConfig
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/AngleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AngleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AngleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/QuadrilateralHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.QuadrilateralHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/EquilateralTriangleFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.EquilateralTriangleFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.EquilateralTriangleFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CircleExercisesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CircleExercisesFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/LineFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LineFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LineFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ZoomLinearLayout.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ZoomLinearLayout
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ZoomLinearLayout$1
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ZoomLinearLayout$Mode
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/VerticallyOppositeAnglesFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.VerticallyOppositeAnglesFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.VerticallyOppositeAnglesFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/RhombusFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RhombusFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RhombusFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ModulusLineFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ModulusLineFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ModulusLineFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/StraightAngleTwoFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.StraightAngleTwoFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.StraightAngleTwoFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CircumferenceHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CircumferenceHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CircleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CircleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/ModulusAngleHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.ModulusAngleHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/DiameterHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.DiameterHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/RhombusHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RhombusHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SimilarTrianglesDiminHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SimilarTrianglesDiminHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/SecantHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.SecantHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/HalfLineFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.HalfLineFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.HalfLineFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/RadiusHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.RadiusHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/HalfLineHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.HalfLineHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/AlternatingAnglesHw1Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AlternatingAnglesHw1Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/CircumferenceFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CircumferenceFragment
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.CircumferenceFragment$1
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/AlternatingAnglesHw2Fragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.AlternatingAnglesHw2Fragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/LineHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.LineHwFragment
com/josullivan/basicshapesofgeometry/VerticallyOppositeAnglesHwFragment.java
 com.josullivan.basicshapesofgeometry.VerticallyOppositeAnglesHwFragment
